the flood plains where our lives are
ruled by the seasons short periods of
heavy rain give way to long months of
drought it is now the end of the wet
season and with the flood waters still
receding it is a time of Plenty for the
local dinosaurs
for many it is also a time for mating
this pair of stegasaurus are about to
try what is for them a very complex
process al is now six years old and as a
sign of age the crests over his eyes and
our reddening sexual maturity is
dependent on his size and at 10 metres
long al is well on the way to being big
enough
he is however making the locals at the
waterhole nervous and the smell of blood
he brings with him is enough to
interrupt the amorous stegasaurus
away from the lake
owl picks up a new scent dung left by a
female Allosaurus has an immediate
effect on Al and for the first time in
his life he issues a mating call the
female is not far and picks up the low
sounds in his core she is much larger
than L he will have to be careful she is
not interested but owls inexperience
shows that he gets too close
al is lucky although he had a torn arm
ripped claw and smashed ribs he has
escaped having his throat torn out